doc: add mkdocs and zooming framework files (#916)
NordicSemiconductor/pc-nrfconnect-launcher: docs/README.md

# nRF Connect for Desktop launcher

nRF Connect for Desktop is a cross-platform framework for development applications. It contains applications for testing Bluetooth® Low Energy, monitoring LTE links, power optimization, programming, and more.

## Supported Operating Systems

> nRF Util has Tier 1 support for the following platforms:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF Connect for Desktop has Tier 1 support for the following platforms:
```

* Ubuntu 20.04 LTS (x64)
* Windows 10 (x64)
* MacOS 11 (x64, arm64)

> In addition, nRF Util has Tier 2 support for Windows 11 (x64), Ubuntu 22.04 (x64), and MacOS 12 (x64, arm64).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, nRF Connect for Desktop has Tier 2 support for Windows 11 (x64), Ubuntu 22.04 (x64), and MacOS 12 (x64, arm64).
```
